chore: improves readme (#47)
OffchainLabs/Orbit-retryable-tracker: packages/assertion-monitor/README.md

# Assertion Monitor

> For installation and general configuration, see the [main README](../../README.md).

## Overview

> The Assertion Monitor validates chain security by tracking the lifecycle of assertions in both BOLD (Bounded Liquidity Delay) and Classic rollup chains. [Learn more](https://docs.arbitrum.io/how-arbitrum-works/inside-arbitrum-nitro#arbitrum-rollup-protocol).

Reviewer: Same here about "validate chain security".

Also, instead of "Classic" I'd call it "pre-BoLD" in public documentation (so it's completely unrelated to Arbitrum One's Classic)

## Command-Line Interface

```bash
yarn assertion-monitor [options]

Monitor assertion creation and validation on Arbitrum chains

Options:
  --help             Show help                      [boolean]
  --version          Show version number            [boolean]
  --configPath       Path to config file            [string] [default: "config.json"]
  --enableAlerting   Enable Slack alerts            [boolean] [default: false]

Examples:
  yarn assertion-monitor                            Run with default config
  yarn assertion-monitor --enableAlerting           Enable Slack notifications
  yarn assertion-monitor --configPath=custom.json   Use custom config file

Environment Variables:
  ASSERTION_MONITORING_SLACK_TOKEN    Slack API token for alerts
  ASSERTION_MONITORING_SLACK_CHANNEL  Slack channel for alerts
```

## Monitor Details

> The Assertion Monitor ensures chain security by tracking assertions through their lifecycle, implementing distinct strategies for BOLD and Classic rollup chains.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Assertion Monitor tracks assertions through their lifecycle, implementing distinct strategies for BOLD and pre-BoLD rollup chains.
```
Edit as you see fit, I'm just removing the "chain security" thing.

### Critical Events Monitored

- Creation Events: Assertions and node creation
- Confirmation Events: Assertion/node confirmations

> - Validator Events: Stake changes and status updates

Reviewer: What does this mean?

> - Block Events: Creation rates and finalization

Reviewer: And this one? Maybe add a further description of them. I think it's preferrable to have longer descriptions here if needed (not necessarily, but just to prevent users from being confused, or thinking that the monitor does something it does not)

- Chain State: Consistency and synchronization

### Chain-Specific Features

> - BOLD Chains: Base stake monitoring, finality validation, challenge period tracking

Reviewer: Isn't everything monitored in both BoLD and classic?

- Classic Chains: Whitelist validation, basic activity tracking, adjusted thresholds

### Alert Scenarios

#### Creation Issues

> - Missing assertion creation events

Reviewer: For further clarity, we can maybe use the following pattern "Alerts if there hasn't been any new Node/Assertion created in the last ..."

For all these issues.

What do you think?
